before the journey can begin Giles wants
to show Carrie the worst reality of
Tiger persecution they've come to the
headquarters of the National Park as
well as dozens of confiscated snares
there are several tiger skins the
poachers victims seeing the skins of
young Tigers is particularly difficult
for Carrie
[Music]
I'm not even as I was spotting strike I
probably just started to explore his own
surroundings really hard to comprehend
really no matter how many times you see
it never gets easy on the international
market a single wild tiger can fetch
over 30,000 pounds the trade is a
complex problem the poachers are evil
they're the ones doing it but these guys
are only doing it because it's a way of
living and it's the people behind them
that are fueling it and then the people
who are buying it that's creating the
demand it upsets me it makes me angry
and gives me even more determination and
more resolve to wanna stop it although
the experience is tough for Kerry she
sees where Giles finds his determination
it certainly opened my eyes up a lot
more to actually experience at firsthand
gives me more of an understanding to how
he thinks how he feels how he works
[Music]
for ten years Giles has been tirelessly
trying to stop this happening
I know what drives you
you